.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- 
	== Github Issues are for bug reports and feature requests only ==
	== Please visit https://community.nodebb.org for other support ==
	== Found a security exploit? Please email us at security@nodebb.org instead for immediate attention ==
	==   → DO NOT SUBMIT VULNERABILITIES TO THE PUBLIC BUG TRACKER ==
-->

<!-- ++ Please include the following information when submitting a bug report ++ -->

- **NodeBB version:** 
- **NodeBB git hash:** 
- **NodeJS version:**
<!-- (to find your git hash, execute `git rev-parse HEAD` from the main NodeBB directory) -->
- **Installed NodeBB Plugins:** 
<!-- (to find installed plugins run ./nodebb plugins) -->
- **Database type:** mongo, redis, or postgres
- **Database version:** 
<!-- `mongod --version`, `redis-server --version`, or `postgres --version` -->
- **Exact steps to cause this issue:**
<!--
	1. First I did this...
	2. Then, I clicked on this item...
-->
- **What you expected:**
<!-- e.g. I expected *abc* to *xyz* -->
- **What happened instead:**
<!-- e.g. Instead, I got *zyx* and NodeBB set fire to my house -->

<!-- Thank you! -->

Commit message:

feat: added note that you can now upload videos

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- 
	== Github Issues are for bug reports and feature requests only ==
	== Please visit https://community.nodebb.org for other support ==
	== Found a security exploit? Please email us at security@nodebb.org instead for immediate attention ==
	==   → DO NOT SUBMIT VULNERABILITIES TO THE PUBLIC BUG TRACKER ==
-->

<!-- ++ Please include the following information when submitting a bug report ++ -->

- **NodeBB version:** 
- **NodeBB git hash:** 
- **NodeJS version:**
<!-- (to find your git hash, execute `git rev-parse HEAD` from the main NodeBB directory) -->
- **Installed NodeBB Plugins:** 
<!-- (to find installed plugins run ./nodebb plugins) -->
- **Database type:** mongo, redis, or postgres
- **Database version:** 
<!-- `mongod --version`, `redis-server --version`, or `postgres --version` -->
- **Exact steps to cause this issue:**
<!--
	1. First I did this...
	2. Then, I clicked on this item...

	A quick note: MP4 and MOV formatted video files are now allowed to be uploaded to GH.
	Please upload if reproduction steps are hard to describe or reproduce reliably.
-->
- **What you expected:**
<!-- e.g. I expected *abc* to *xyz* -->
- **What happened instead:**
<!-- e.g. Instead, I got *zyx* and NodeBB set fire to my house -->

<!-- Thank you! -->
